What the hell *was* that thing?
It just appeared out of nowhere.
And that shriek scared the crap out of me.
Kind of a...flying monkey.
Flying monkeys! What *is* this, the planet of Oz?
Did it not appear to be *leaping* rather than flying?
That was one hell of a leap.
Well, I said it *looked* like a monkey?
- you know, hair, arms, legs...
- and a beak.
It didn't have a beak!
Look, here? I uploaded it.
There.
- You know, that really clears things up
- What did you expect?
- It was trying to kill me.
- What the hell *is* that thing?
Well, let's send a team of biologists down there
let *them* figure it out.
It might be a good place for an Alpha site.
The planet did seem suitable.
Good climate; abundant food and water; excellent choice for an offworld base.
Aside from the flying monkeys!
All right, we're coming into range, Rodney.
Rodney?
Oh, *serious* power spike!
That's strange.
What's wrong?
I don't know.
I mean, these readings are all screwy.
- I just lost steering.
- Really?
The drive pods won't retract.
*Do* something.
I *could* if I knew what the problem was.
Rodney.
Just-just-just hang on, hang on.
- Yeah, but if those pods don't retract...
- I know, I know!
- Just-just give me a second.
- We don't *have* a second.
What the hell?
We just lost power.
All right, you'd better hold on.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
Proudly Presents
Sync: YTET- LQBN
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
Stargate Atlantis
Season 05 Episode 05
OK, good, good.
I was wrong.
We still have power; we're just not getting any to the primary systems...
or the secondary systems either.
- Why not?
- I don't know. It's some kind of interference.
Ghost in the Machine
I'm getting spikes all over the place.
It's completely haywire.
Thank God the inertial dampeners weren't affected.
Well, not *yet*.
What the hell *is* that?
It's displacement current
high voltage. Do not let it hit you.
Oh, you *think*?
Perhaps it's something we picked up on the planet.
That is doubtful, OK?
There was nothing technological
I mean Ancient or other on that planet.
It was totally primordial.
I didn't detect anything unusual in the planet's magnetosphere.
Look, it's gotta be some kind of a of a glitch in the Jumper's capacitor.
Just give me a second, I'll figure out how to...
Oh no.
What?
Hitting the Gate decreased our speed, which means we're in decaying orbit.
Look, if we don't get power back, we're gonna burn up in the atmosphere.
All right, try to get the D.H.D. working, we can dial the Gate, radio for help.
Well, I'll try, but the radio communications were affected as well.
The drive pods are powering up.
Only one of them, and it wasn't anything *I* did.
I mean, it just came back online.
- By itself?
- It doesn't make any difference.
Keep working on that D.H.D.
I'm gonna and get us back in range.
OK, I've got bad news and I've got good news.
What is it?
Slim to no chance of getting the D.H.D. working.
The system is completely out of whack.
It's gonna take some incredibly intricate rerouting to the power...
Whoa-whoa-whoa. What's the *good* news?
That *was* the good news. The bad news is we lost life support.
So, no air.
Right. That's-that's why it's bad.
All right. We're back in range.
Just keep working on the D.H.D. This may be our last shot.
What just happened?
I don't know, but we're back online.
D.H.D.?
Everything! We've got propulsion, life support, you name it.
Atlantis, this is Sheppard.
We're coming in for approach but our systems are a little whacked.
If we're not there in about ten seconds
send a Jumper for us.
Copy that, Colonel.
You'd better brace yourself again.
Any of the other Jumpers reporting trouble?
No. Probably an isolated incident
but McKay and Zelenka are checking into it.
We should probably ground the Jumpers `til we know what the problem is, though.
All right.
But the planet suitable for an Alpha site?
Yeah, perfect
well, except for the monkey-like creature flying around,
- but I think we can handle that.
- Monkey?
Yeah. McKay's got some photos, he'll show `em to you.
Did you say "flying"?
So, how's it going, boys? D'you get it fixed?
- There's nothing *to* fix.
- What?
We ran a battery of tests. The Jumper's in perfect condition.
How come the systems were all screwy?
You got me.
We couldn't recreate any of the so-called anomalies.
Hey, Sammy Sceptic.
He saw it too, as did Ronon and Teyla.
All of our primary systems went down.
That's OK. I believe you.
I don't think you do.
It's just that I think that maybe the problem might have been caused by something that you unwittingly...
I didn't do anything ? wittingly or "un"!
OK, OK. There's nothing wrong with the Jumper.
Well, not any more!
- Well, I don't think there ever *was* anything...
- OK, enough!
Oh, please!
Control Room, this is Richard Woolsey.
I took a wrong turn in a transporter and ended up...
I have no idea where I am.
But now the transporter door won't open.
Can you locate me and open it, please?
Hello?
Rodney?
Go ahead.
Are you messin' around with the power again? The lights are flickering.
Yeah, I'm getting reports from all over the place...
Hello?
Rodney?
- Have you noticed...
- Yes.
- Well, do you have any...
- Not yet.
- Is it localised
- No. There are power disruptions all over the city.
- ZedP.M.?
- Still online, plenty of power.
It's just suddenly become...
unstable.
Sounds not unlike what you said happened in the Puddle Jumper.
Yes, remarkably not unlike it.
Well, perhaps the anomaly's spread to the city's systems.
Naah, it's impossible.
I disabled the network connection between the Jumper and Atlantis before we even came through the Gate.
So.
Coincidence, then?
Hey, I tried to radio you.
Yeah, communications are down.
Yeah, obviously. What's up?
We're working on it.
Well, I just almost got zapped by a bolt of lightning.
What, displacement current here?
Yeah, right there in the corridor, just like the one we had in the Jumper.
So, *not* a coincidence.
We just lost power to the Stargate.
What?
Maybe a virus uploaded itself or something.
No-no, I disabled the Jumper's network connection for this very reason.
There is no way the anomaly jumped to the city's systems.
You'd better figure it out,
because whatever was in that Jumper is now in the city.
Where've *you* been?
On the other side of the city.
A transporter malfunctioned and sent me to the East Pier.
I had to walk all the way back.
We've got power disruptions all over the city.
Look, nearly every system's affected.
We think whatever's wrong with the Jumper has infected Atlantis.
It's one of several possibilities we're looking into.
"Several"?
It's a possibility, all right?
Look, the point is, we have no idea what's going on here.
I was almost hit by a bolt of lightning.
Yeah, join the club!
Look, the energy builds up in one area and then discharges in a high-voltage displacement current.
Very erratic, and very lethal.
I tried to radio you.
Yeah, well, communications are also down.
So's the Stargate.
We can't dial Earth?
Don't worry, all right?
I will figure it out. I've just gotta run a few diagnostics, narrow down the...
Well, *that* can't be good.
OK, OK.
We need to organise some teams, fan out through the city, keep everyone calm
until we figure out exactly what the...
Hey
the laptop just booted up.
It's probably just the battery.
No-no-no-no, it's drawing power from the system.
So everything's out except *your* computer?
I am as confused as you are.
What is that?
Looks like some kind of a code.
Maybe.
Could be a message.
"Help"?
"Who are you?"
"Elizabeth Weir"
Doctor Weir?
But she's dead.
So we've been told.
Perhaps
you should answer her.
Right.
"Where are you?"
"computer"
In the computer? How can she be in the computer?
"difficult current condition"
"What happened to you?"
"subspace"
"difficult control"
"trying to"
"Did you do that ?"
"Are you still there?"
"help me"
Right. Rodney?
Rodney, come in.
Rodney, can you hear me?
Go ahead.
I've completed the patch.
Go ahead and try it whenever you're ready.
OK. Fingers crossed.
What are you doing?
Well, whatever this entity is, it's completely overwhelming the city's systems.
Now, it's spread out.
It's like dozens of fragmented programmes that are fouling up power management,
communications you name it.
Now, I've managed to merge them, to patch them together into one incredibly large programme
that will hopefully render our systems slightly more stable
and allow us to better communicate with whoever or...
whatever is that's claiming to be Doctor Weir.
Isn't merging all these programmes potentially dangerous?
Well, *hell*, yeah!
But it's no more dangerous than allowing this thing to continue wreaking havoc on the city's systems.
Or getting zapped by bolts of lighting.
OK, so...
Let me see if I can synthesise a voice to communicate with "Elizabeth".
If I make the proper calibrations,
she should be able to hear us too.
Now...
Elizabeth?
Rodney.
Is it just me, or does "Elizabeth" sound a little different?
I'm on it. I'm on it.
Let...me...do...that...
Are you Elizabeth Weir?
Yes, Rodney. It's me.
It's the best I can do.
I'm sorry to cause all this trouble.
Who's there with you?
Is John Sheppard there?
Hi.
It's so good to hear your voice again.
We, uh...
thought you were...
dead.
I suppose I am, my...
my physical body, anyway, but
my consciousness is still intact.
Right. So, um, what happened?
Do you remember the day I ordered you to leave me behind?
Come on!
Elizabeth!
*Go!
Yeah, I remember.
Well, after that, the Replicators took me to a lab.
The nanites in my body were unleashed and allowed to replicate.
I joined the population.
But even in my new form, my original consciousness was still there.
I was still me.
I tried to hide it
but a few of the others could sense it.
They were remnants of Niam's old group.
I believe you encountered some of their handiwork
Replicator-built human versions of me and your team.
Hmm. You heard about that, did you?
Only after they were killed.
Now, the other you, the human one
She thought you'd been destroyed.
That's what the leaders of our group wanted her to believe.
They kept us apart deliberately for security reasons.
This is all very interesting, I'm sure,
but none of it explains how you've come to be a disembodied voice in our computer system.
Is that Richard Woolsey?
Uh, yes.
Uh, I'm the, uh, the-the
- the new...
- The new you.
I see.
So, what-what... what happened?
How did you...
end up... in there?
We were on the run.
Oberoth and the others were hunting us down for our heretical beliefs.
It was only a matter of time before we'd be captured and destroyed,
unless something miraculous happened.
And something did.
Our intel was correct. The planet has been completely destroyed.
Can you detect any trace Replicator cells?
Negative. They've been completely wiped out.
Good.
We can finally get to work without having to look over our shoulders.
It's time to begin.
Uh, well, that wasn't a miracle that was us.
We destroyed the Replicator homeworld.
I know, and we owe you a debt of gratitude
because it allowed us to pursue our goal in peace.
You mean ascension?
Exactly, Teyla.
We found a suitable planet and began our work.
I did what I could to help them.
I tried to lead them in meditation to teach them how to release their burden.
But it was difficult.
Let me guess. You ran into the small hiccup of the fact that you're all machines.
Yes.
Well, much as I'd like to say we didn't see *that* coming, we...
you know, did.
One of our group, Koracen,
argued that it was a mistake to try and run away from our technological origin
that we should embrace it and find a technological solution.
We know that a Replicator mind can be digitised and transferred from one body to another,
but I've discovered a way that will allow us to exist indefinitely as fields of energy,
effectively uploading ourselves into sub-space
where we'll be free to move about the galaxy unencumbered by physical existence.
What will happen to our bodies?
The nanite bonds holding them together will be severed.
- You mean they'll be destroyed.
- Yes
but we'll no longer need them.
- Koracen, if this doesn't work...
- It *will* work.
You told us that ascension is achieved when the physical body is transformed into pure energy.
I can make that happen for us.
Once in sub-space,
nothing can prevent us from continuing on to the next plane of existence.
Are you ready?
It's done.
Machine ascension!
Except it didn't work.
There *was* no next step
no ascension in any meaningful sense of the word.
We've been stuck in sub-space ever since.
What is it like?
Oh.
Constant motion and deafening noise.
It's like the worst migraine you could possibly imagine.
I don't know. I've had some pretty horrendous migraines in my time.
We started searching the galaxy,
looking for a way to regain any kind of physical form.
We came across a few other technologically advanced societies.
Really? In *this* galaxy?
You'd be surprised how many more are out there,
keeping themselves hidden from the Wraith.
We occupied various computer systems even Wraith tech for a short while.
- Wraith tech?
- Really?
It was extremely unpleasant.
In fact, no matter where we looked,
we couldn't find any technology that would allow us to exist as anything even remotely like what we were before.
Which is why you came here.
You knew that Atlantis' computers were big enough and powerful enough to house your entire programme.
The others were growing increasingly frustrated and bitter.
I broke away from them and started looking for you on my own.
I searched the galaxy for months,
then I detected your Puddle Jumper and connected with it.
Nearly killing us in the process.
I'm sorry for that.
My current condition is extremely volatile
difficult to control,
especially during the initial moments trying to interface with new tech.
But I didn't know where else to turn.
You're the only friends I have.
If you ask me, it's a trick
someone just pretending to be Doctor Weir.
But what if it *is* her?
Look, we still have the Ancient machine I used to build FRAN.
- I can easily build another Replicator to house...
- No!
I'd put in failsafes, a kill switch.
Look, what I'm saying is that with all of the advancements I've been able to make...
With all due respects to the advancements you've made, one thing remains constant:
Replicators are far too powerful to even *think* about trusting them.
They've been the scourge of two galaxies.
You know better than anyone how difficult it was to get rid of them.
Then what should we do with her?
She can't stay where she is.
She's frying the city's computers.
Well, maybe we can upload her, or it, or whatever this thing is
into a virtual reality like we did with Ava.
That could work, but it wouldn't be easy, especially if she doesn't wanna go.
Well, talk to her.
Rodney, we've just detected anomalous energy levels in the South Pier lab.
What, the Replicator machine?
She's building herself a body.
She must have found it in the database.
- Shut down power.
- I-I tried.
I've also tried to radio down there but communications are still offline.
What's going on?
Doors slammed shut.
- Can't get it open.
- OK, move.
Go get some back-up, some heavy arms;
and clear every corridor out of here.
And get some C4, we're gonna have to blast this door.
Yeah, this panel is toast.
Is there another door we can access?
Hello.
Listen to me.
I'm Elizabeth Weir.
Obviously she was in a hurry.
She just used the previous Replicator template that was already in the machine...
which was FRAN.
John, I'm not a threat to you.
Well, whatever you are, I'd say building a Replicator body's a pretty big threat.
Elizabeth Weir would never do such a thing.
OK, the machine is deactivated.
I've removed the control crystal, which means no-one will be building any more Replicators.
Believe me,
I was just as concerned about doing this as you,
but the adjustments Rodney's made to this technology eliminate any danger.
I can't replicate,
and since my consciousness is controlling this body I truly...
*Your* consciousness?
No offence, but I'm not completely sold on your being who you say you are.
That makes two of us.
I understand your scepticism,
but I *am* Elizabeth Weir.
I wish there was some way I could prove it to you.
That'll be difficult.
Any personal information or memories could have easily been mined from Doctor Weir's consciousness when the Replicators captured her.
I know.
At least let me start by offering something of value.
Let's hear it.
The technical specs of several of the systems we've inhabited since our transformation,
including Wraith tech.
I've already uploaded them to your computer.
Oh, really?
Well, that's... great.
All I ask is that you give me a chance to earn your trust.
I would never *ever* do anything to harm any of you,
or Atlantis.
Well, the good news is that now she's downloaded herself into the Replicator's body
she's not screwing up Atlantis' computers.
Power's stable, the Gate's working and communications are back online.
You sure she can't replicate on her own?
Positive. I mean, she instituted every safeguard.
- If we move her to a secure location, then I think we'll be able...
- Wait a minute.
You're not suggesting I entertain the notion of keeping her here?
Well, I'm just saying that if we keep her under constant guard, it'll minimise any threat she poses
if she even *poses* a threat
and it'll give us more time to study her.
That *thing* in there is a Replicator.
There are far too many ways this can go wrong,
even if she's kept under constant guard.
Everyone doubted the first FRAN I built,
and she turned out to be perfectly safe and perfectly reliable.
That's right, *you* built FRAN;
*you* created her consciousness.
Now, as much as you wanna believe that this new FRAN is indeed Doctor Weir, we *cannot* be certain of that.
For all we know, it could be Oberoth inside that body.
That's creepy.
What if it *is* Doctor Weir?
Look, this is my fault.
I'm the one who reactivated the nanites in Elizabeth
true, to save her, but...
Look, I'm the one who created this mess.
I think I should be the one to, you know, fix it.
I owe it to Elizabeth.
I'm sorry,
but it's too dangerous.
I say we stick with our original plan:
upload her consciousness into a virtual reality,
let her prove herself there,
where she can't do any damage.
A child?
Oh, Teyla!
I'm so happy for you.
Is it a boy or a...
A boy.
What's his name?
Torren John Emmagan.
Torren for your father, and John
Colonel Sheppard.
Yes.
Wait. You're not saying John Sheppard is...
No.
The father is Athosian.
Let me guess
Kanaan.
Yes! How did you...?
Every time you spoke of him, this friend
there was always a sparkle in your eyes.
So is the baby here with you in Atlantis?
No.
He's with his father, offworld.
Sorry to interrupt.
That's all right.
We were just finishing.
Sorry about all this.
It's OK. I understand.
Amazing news about Teyla.
Yeah.
Um, look,
we all wanna believe you are who you say you are...
I understand.
You have to be cautious.
But it really is me, John.
You just have to give me time.
You'll see that...
Oh no.
What's wrong?
They've found me.
Who?
The other Replicators.
They're on their way to Atlantis.
How many are coming?
Eight of them.
We saw what kind of damage *one* could do.
Should we pull the ZeeP.M.?
As a last resort. We're not there yet.
Meanwhile I'll need to effect any potential countermeasures I can come up with.
How soon will they get here?
Minutes, if that.
Is there anything we can do to protect the city?
Could you put up some kind of firewall?
A firewall won't work. You can't block `em.
They just pop in and out of sub-space.
They're here; they're there, it's impossible to predict.
I could write a programme that immediately quarantines any anomalous behaviour in the system,
like an anti-virus software.
It's gonna take some time, though.
Do what you can.
Keep FRAN, Doctor Weir, whoever she is, under guard.
We won't upload her to the V.R. just yet.
We may need her help dealing with them.
- You set us up.
- No.
I honestly believed I had broken away without them being able to track me.
You tell them to stay away from Atlantis.
I'll try, but it'll get easier as they get closer.
Look, I'm sure they don't intend to hurt anyone.
No, you tell them to keep moving; go someplace else.
It might go...
Sheppard!
Go ahead, Rodney.
Rodney?
Their combined forces are completely overwhelming the main power grid.
Sheppard!
They're here.
All eight of them, slamming the city's computers.
What about the anti-virus programme?
I didn't have time to finish it.
Look, it probably wouldn't have worked anyway.
Radek, I need you to pull the ZedP.M.
and power down all the central naqahdah generators.
Radek?
Communications are down again!
Rodney?
Rodney, I'm trying to divert power but it's become far too unstable.
Perhaps now we should pull the ZedP.M.?
Let's go. Pull the ZedP.M.
Shut down all the power except for the main tower.
Hey.
Oh God. He's dead.
We've established contact with the Replicator known as Koracen.
He claims to speak on the others' behalf.
Koracen, it's Elizabeth Weir.
Elizabeth. We were worried about you.
Listen to me.
You need to leave this place.
You're causing a lot of harm.
We *will* do.
But first we wish to be given bodies, as you have.
We've already told you that's out of the question.
And yet Elizabeth has been given one.
It wasn't our choice,
and we're not planning on letting her keep it.
We do not wish to harm anyone.
One of our guys is already dead, so you can save your "we come in peace" crap.
Koracen, please.
Just leave the city and let me negotiate with them.
I'm sure we can figure out some way to help you.
The way to help us is by replacing the control crystal in the Ancient machine
so that we may build Replicator bodies.
That is what you *will* do.
And if we don't?
Koracen?
Not good.
Uh, Gate's down again.
We're losing control of the city.
They just shut the Jumper Bay doors.
They're trying to keep us from leaving.
Can't you over-ride it?
I'm locked out!
Oh no.
They just engaged the ZedP.M.
Energy levels are rising rapidly.
Why? What are they doing?
They're sinking the city!
Raise the shield.
They've disabled it.
Any ideas?
No. We're goin' down.
The water's already cresting the lower decks of the outer piers.
It's gonna breach the city corridors any second now.
I want you to send them a message from me.
I've been trying to communicate with them,
telling them to stop.
They won't listen to me.
That's not what I wanna tell them.
Is it not?
Tell them to go ahead.
Sink the city.
Destroy their only chance of ever regaining any kind of physical form.
You've searched the entire galaxy.
You know the Replicator homeworld was destroyed.
The only place remaining with the technology you need achieve your goals
is right here.
So go ahead: destroy it.
Stay trapped in limbo forever.
Level one of the South Pier is completely under water.
They won't stop.
Fine.
Then we'll all die together.
They're powering down the ZedP.M.!
The city's stabilising!
All right.
Now we can negotiate.
I have a proposal.
I've already communicated it to the others and convinced them to agree to it.
Let's hear it.
Human bodies
nanite-manufactured but consisting of flesh and blood,
like the other Elizabeth Weir you once encountered.
Uh, we don't have that kind of technology here.
But *we* do.
If you give us temporary Replicator bodies and a lab to work in,
we can assemble them ourselves.
What, and you'll transfer your consciousness from the Replicator body to the human body?
Exactly.
As human beings, we would be every bit as vulnerable as anyone else.
We would eat, sleep, get sick and die
preferably of old age.
What about ascension?
I'm assuming that's still on the agenda.
It is.
Wait a second.
Building humans, that's gonna take time, isn't it?
I mean, first you have to create the technology to do it.
We're talking nanites organically assembling each body inside out, starting at the molecular level.
Well, then you have to create the machine to transfer the consciousness.
I mean, that's gonna take God knows how long!
Replicators, as you know, work very fast
no need for breaks or food or sleep.
It's worth thinking about.
Look, he may be right,
I mean if only to regain control of the city.
While they're in our computer systems, Atlantis is in serious trouble.
*If* we do this,
I want severe restrictions placed on their capabilities:
no replicating, no shape-shifting...
The basic model. You got it.
I mean, no bells, no whistles. They'll be able to effect some minor repairs but that's about it.
Seal off the lab, put a forcefield around it.
Do whatever you need to do to feel safe,
but I've already convinced the others that this is their only option.
They won't give you any trouble.
You have my word.
Do it.
OK. Initialising forcefield.
Are your teams in place?
Round the clock watch.
Good.
Once these human bodies are made and they're downloaded into them,
what happens then?
Well, seeing as they'll be just like any other human beings, I see no reason not to let them go.
They could become valuable allies.
Or what if one of them decides to stay?
Let's cross one bridge at a time, all right?
How's it going?
Almost done. They're just finishing up the last one.
That was fast.
Actually creating Replicators is fairly simple
comparatively speaking. Humans, not so much.
Well, the sooner they get it done, the better.
And once the last transfer is complete, I want those Replicator bodies destroyed.
They certainly don't waste any time, do they?
No, they don't.
There's no breaks, no chit-chat, no social interaction whatsoever.
Just the perfect working environment.
Ronon, you don't have to stay there the whole time, you know.
I'm good.
Talk, talk, talk, that's all he does. You can't shut him up
Keep me apprised.
McKAY! Power's out!
What the...?
forcefield...
- What happened?
- One of the Replicators escaped. Koracen, the leader.
Must have written some kind of hidden programme that was timed to kill power
as soon as they were downloaded into the Replicator bodies.
It disabled the forcefield and they were able to pry open the doors.
Where is she?
She went after Koracen.
Three teams are in pursuit. We've lost all radio contact.
Go join `em.
Go to the Control Room, try to get the power restored.
What do we do with *them*?
Shoot `em.
*Keep* shooting `em.
They'll go down eventually.
Wait!
We knew nothing of Koracen's plan.
If we were part of it, we would not be standing here right now.
Please. We're complying with your wishes.
*Nothing* gets through that door.
They move an inch, shoot `em.
Hold on!
You just couldn't wait for those human bodies, could you?
The human body is frail, weak;
every second that much closer to dying.
Yeah, and this whole ascension thing, you're just giving up on that, huh?
Not at all. I'm certain there's another way
and with this body, I'll have plenty of time to discover it.
Any luck?
They've shut just about everything down.
The power's cut to most of the critical systems.
Except for the D.H.D. and the Gate.
They're obviously going to try to dial out.
Now, I've managed to gain remote access to the mainframe.
I'm creating a work-around to allow the resumption of naqahdah power to the central tower's primary systems.
It's minimal, to be sure, but from there at least we'll be able to...
over-ride the Replicator programme and restart the remaining systems.
Exactly. Just hurry. We need power back, now.
OK, is there anything you want me to do?
Yes, well, for starters you could, um, stay out of my way.
Oh, yes, sorry. All right.
And be quiet.
John, stay back. Let me handle this.
Haven't you done enough already?
I'm trying to help you.
By what?
Escaping?
I didn't know that Koracen would do this.
Of *course* she knew.
Elizabeth has been a willing participant in our goals from the very beginning.
It was her idea to come here in the first place.
You said you broke off from them ?
that they couldn't track you.
Track her?
She was the one who alerted us, when the time was right, to come.
We were only following her commands.
John, listen to me. I *had* to bring them here.
It was our only chance;
our only way out.
I didn't know that Koracen would cause this kind of trouble.
I didn't think that anyone would get hurt.
What did you think we were gonna do:
just give you a bunch of Replicator bodies and send you on your way?
I truly believed that we were no threat to you.
You may still think that you're Elizabeth,
but you're not.
If you'd like to resume your work, I've decided to allow it.
We would re-engage the forcefield of course.
Beef up security.
It's too risky.
I thought that bringing the others here would be safe.
I was wrong.
I can no longer guarantee there won't be any more trouble from them,
or even myself.
All right, um...
what do you wanna do?
I remember after you reactivated the nanites cells inside me,
I said this was a bad idea.
So much has gone wrong since then,
but I think I know how I can finally set things right.
Go ahead.
If you need anything else for your work, let us know.
Thanks, Rodney.
Once again, you have to promise to stay put until you're finished constructing the human bodies.
No leaving your homeworld;
no communication with any other civilisation except Atlantis.
You have my word.
Good luck with your command, Richard.
It's comforting to know Atlantis is in capable hands.
Thank you.
Shall we?
It's OK.
I'll go first.
It's safe.
You're sure the D.H.D. reconfiguration worked?
Yes.
They were sent to a space Gate.
I guess that answers the question as to whether it was really Elizabeth.
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
Proudly Presents
Sync: YTET- LQBN
-=www.ydy.com/bbs=-
Stargate Atlantis
Season 05 Episode 05
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org